Good slaves
Such a bold idea
Your name is Song Yang, right?
You know, once your flying car is realized
Does it mean anything?
Mr. Gu, I know very well
The technology of our building wants to completely overwhelm the West
Must overtake on a curve
In a field that the West has not yet dabbled in
Is that so?
To lead the next sale of human technology
Ambition
Afterlife is scary
Mr. Gu, our flying car
It has initially entered the testing stage.
Introduce
According to our estimated results
What about our flying car?
Flight altitude km
The fastest speed is 300 kilometers per hour
Battery life is 10 hours
It only takes an hour to charge.
This powerful performance is only a preliminary test
Mr. Gu, we will try our best to improve it.
When you try it for the first time
Be sure to notify me
To witness this moment that changed the automotive revolution
It will be fine.
That being the case
There will be no need for tomorrow's meeting.
I want to put
100 billion yuan to be invested in Jiangzhou enterprises
All for you
That's not possible.
Mr. Gu
This car flight is just a concept in the West
How could he, a country bumpkin, do that?
He must be lying to you.